Closures, what is a closure?
What is typically known as a anonymous
function, a literal function, or
a lambda expression in other languages.
Is when you pass as
an argument a function or
you create a variable with a function
inside, or you return a function.
You have a function
returning another function.
You can use these for
callbacks for event management for
functional programming, like using map or
filter on other languages.
In this case, it's called closures.
So the type of the closure
looks like this.
We use the thin arrow, so
when you see the thin arrow in a type,
it means it's a closure, it's a function.
In parentheses, the arguments, and
after the arrow, the return type.
And we have a special type, the capital
V bold, saying that in this case,
it's a function that receives no
arguments and returns no argument.
Okay, and how you define the content
of the function, code block.
So equals code block.
So this is in JavaScript, creating
a function with a name closure like this,
but this is a normal function.
This is like creating something like
this in JavaScript This is JavaScript,
okay, no twist.
Just to give you a quick idea, okay?
This is how you set up that thing.
If you have arguments,
you use the argument for example,
here I have an integer.
How do you use the argument inside?
You have two ways, you can use
the dollar sign, the dollar sign
will give you a tupple, some kind
of a tupple of all the arguments.
So if I have to on a string,
you have dollar zero,dollar one but
most of the time you don't wanna mess
with this unless you have only one.
Typically you wanna name them.
Okay so for
example I have a function here,
request data that receives a callback
as an argument and what's the type
of the callback in receiving a string and
returns nothing, okay.
So if you wanna name the arguments, okay?
You name them, that's weird,
this part is weird within the block.
So within the curly braces,
you put a name, for example,
in this case, this is the item in, so
instead of dollar zero, you use item now.
Okay, it's complaining because
it's an old error I think,
because I added an argument, so now he
has two arguments, item and our name.
And in, but this is weird because
the signature of the closure is
inside the code block, which looks weird,
okay, it looks I know it looks weird.
It's not outside, it's inside, okay, and
these are the two names that you
will receive from the fabric.
How do you call a closure
like any function?
You just call it because it's a function.
A closure is a function, okay.
Here comes the interesting part and we
are going to use this a lot in Swift UI.
That's why I'm taking some
minutes to talk about this.
How do you call request data?
Request data receives a callback,
callback, look at the the color.
Okay, it's the same color
as the function name, so
we actually need to
explicitly say callback.
It's the argument label.
If you don't want that you use underscore.
And now you see the different color name,
a different color for
the name because it's part of the name
it's not part of the name, okay?
Does it make sense?
So, here it's asking for a closure, so
I'm going to use the code block and
it receives a string, to data.
In, we'll use data in, okay, it's okay so
this is like in JavaScript
doing something like this
great function or
an arrow function if you want,okay.
So I'm trying to give you an example
in JavaScript that most of
you will we understand this is JavaScript,
okay, for that code.
Does it make sense?
Well, the next part will not make
sense the first time you'll see that
instead of doing this, so this is
actually pretty common in JavaScript.
And it's typically a problem in JavaScript
that you're closing code block,
you're closing a curly brace and
also a parenthesis.
And sometimes you get messed with this.
Okay, the parentheses where
these parentheses come from.
So well actually what you can
do when the last argument
of a function is a closure,
we start with that sample first.
You can get rid of the parentheses and
end up the parentheses
before the code block and
you can get rid of
the argument label as well.
And if there are no more arguments,
you can even get rid of the parentheses.
They say [SOUND] some of you
are doing this at this point.
>> [LAU GH].
>> For some reason, we think that if
we tilt the head, we will understand.
So what's going on here,
in fact let me show you this,
if I use the order competition so
I start typing and you see a press
ENTER I'm not sure if you realize there is
something in blue black background there.
That's actually placeholder,
if you press return here or
the enter key,
something magic will happen.
It will actually replace the call saying,
hey, we're in Swift here.
So if you have an argument
that is a closure,
we can move that argument
out of the function call.
And then you just need to name In
the argument and pull the code inside.
so again this is new for most of you
because when you look at this you
don't see a function call,,
no parentheses, no function calls.
Well, yeah we do have a function
call here,, this is and
I know you're not
believing me at this point.
This is to increase the clarity of our
code, to reduce the amount of parentheses
and code blocks and problems that we
have balancing those parentheses.
That's the idea, because it's
a common pattern to actually call
a function that receives a function.
So, instead of doing for
example if I have an array,
I'm gonna map that array or
I wanna filter that array.
In JavaScript, you say, okay,,
filter receive data and
then you do something like this.
So you end up with this curly
brace parenthesis problem.
Well here, is a filter and then they dine.
But I'm still executing a filter function
and I'm still passing an argument, okay?
Hey, but it's complaining
because it needs a ball and
it's gonna need to return something.
This is a compiled language, so
I must comply with all the data types.
Okay, does it make sense?
>> Can you go over the in one more time,
cuz I had a different interpretation
before coming into this class.
But can you explain in again?
>> Explain, this one, this part?
>> The in So if you go up more probably
at the very basic level the like 12,
I think that's when you
started introducing in.
>> the in, okay, okay.
So, yeah sure.
So let me get rid of this for a minute.
So when you have a closure, so
I have a variable that is
going to be my function and
I say that the type is a closure
that receives an integer and
our integer like
a coordinate on a Boolean.
Okay, so then how can I set the value for
that variable?
It's a code block because
it's actually a function.
And how can I set names for
these three arguments, well before,
this, by the way,
I forgot the return type, sorry.
So before executing some code,
I say I call x, y, I'm basically all in,
on the code in, it's just a separator
between the name of your parameter names,
the name of your variables,
your argument variables and the code.
So in just, it's just that.
Why it's in?
I don't know but it's, okay,
you have this input and
you have this code and in is what
separates both parts of your code.
>> Okay, I mean,
is it a better way to explain it as
you're just mapping your variables to.
>> It's yeah, it's actually it's mapping
the arguments into local variable names.
Yeah, we don't use the in other places,,
okay, it's just here.
>> Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
Okay, we will use these a lot
during the rest of the day, okay.
So no worries I will repeat
these shortcuts, okay,
that removes parentheses from function
names and it seems kind of weird.